Inbound docs PR review example: leave a comment state, not request changes (#799)
Promptless/docs: src/content/docs/docs/get-the-most-out/teach-promptless-a-custom-task/review-inbound-doc-prs.mdx

     4. Leave a top-level summary comment that states what you reviewed, what you changed directly (with a short list), what you left as open questions/comments and why, and the overall assessment. The summary comment must be present even when you made only direct edits and left no inline comments, and even when you found nothing to change (in which case say so).

>      5. Set a GitHub review state. Unless told otherwise, approve when the docs are correct and ready; otherwise submit the review with a Comment state, including when the inline comments from step 3 are still unresolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     5. Set a GitHub review state. If the docs are correct and ready, approve the PR. Otherwise, submit the review with a Comment state, including when the inline comments from step 3 are still unresolved.
```
